WARP.md, before:

# Research Backlog

**URL**: https://researchbacklog.org  
**Repo**: https://github.com/lobsterbush/project-dashboard  
**Created**: February 11, 2026  
**Last Updated**: February 13, 2026  
**Password**: `erdosrules`

## Overview

A filterable dashboard for sharing dormant research ideas and fallow datasets with potential collaborators. Built for Monash University Political Science and International Relations staff.

## Architecture

```
Google Form → Google Sheets → GitHub Pages (fetches CSV on load)
```

- **Form**: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe8guiY6444i5NTC86ROLXzd5kWNUZmhLqUrWWXFvfQzpw1sw/viewform
- **Sheet ID**: `1wC57FDGLijnPiXQ6NIpGmiVWicnuOT1HwMBlnh-W_PY`
- **Domain**: researchbacklog.org (Namecheap → GitHub Pages)

## Managing Projects

### Add a project
1. Submit via Google Form, OR
2. Add row directly to Google Sheet

### Edit/delete a project
1. Open Google Sheet
2. Edit or delete the row
3. Changes appear on next page load (no deploy needed)

### Sheet columns (in order)
1. Timestamp
2. Project name
3. Description
4. Keywords (comma-separated)
5. (Sub-)discipline (Political Science/International Relations/Political theory/Methodology/Sociology/Economics/Other)
6. Methodological Approach
7. Data Collected (Yes/No/Partial/N/A)
8. Status (Idea only/Data collected/Partial draft/Outline/Stalled)
9. Help needed (Writing help/Methods expertise/Funding/Data/Area expertise/Theory development)
10. Target journals
11. Project link
12. Contact email
13. Type of paper (Empirical/Theoretical/Empirical and theoretical)

**Note**: Type of paper appears last because Google Forms adds new questions to existing linked sheets at the end, regardless of where they appear in the form (it's question 4 in the form but column 13 in the sheet).

## Files

```
project-dashboard/
├── index.html                      # Main page with password overlay
├── CNAME                           # Custom domain (researchbacklog.org)
├── WARP.md                         # This file - project documentation
├── FORM_UPDATE_INSTRUCTIONS.md    # Guide for updating Google Form
├── README.md                       # Setup instructions
├── css/
│   └── style.css                   # Styling (charlescrabtree.org inspired)
├── js/
│   ├── app.js                      # Data fetching, filtering, rendering
│   └── auth.js                     # Client-side password protection
└── data/
    └── seed_projects.csv           # Backup/reference data
```

## Configuration

Edit `js/app.js` CONFIG object:

```javascript
const CONFIG = {
    SHEET_ID: '1wC57FDGLijnPiXQ6NIpGmiVWicnuOT1HwMBlnh-W_PY',
    SHEET_NAME: 'Form Responses 1',
    FORM_URL: 'https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/.../viewform',
    USE_DEMO_DATA: false,  // Set true to use local CSV instead
    DEMO_DATA_URL: 'data/seed_projects.csv'
};
```

## Password Protection

Client-side only (not secure, just a barrier). Password hash stored in `js/auth.js`. To change password:

1. Run in browser console: `simpleHash('newpassword')`
2. Update `PASS_HASH` in `js/auth.js`
3. Commit and push

## DNS (Namecheap)

A records pointing to GitHub Pages:
- 185.199.108.153
- 185.199.109.153
- 185.199.110.153
- 185.199.111.153

CNAME: www → lobsterbush.github.io

## Current Projects (13)

1. Green Book and Contemporary Police Violence
2. Chicago Police Complaints (FOIA)
3. SPLC Hate Groups and Confederate Monuments
4. HRO Communications Dataset (1996-2019)
5. Japanese Public Opinion on US-Japan Security
6. UN Human Rights Documents Analysis
7. Public Demand for Human Rights
8. Belarus 2017 Protests
9. Self-Censorship Under Autocracy (Belarus journalists)
10. Formal vs. Informal Repression (Belarus/Ukraine)
11. European Protest Event Data (Francisco dataset)
12. Dynamics of Contentious Politics (ML on Francisco data)

## Recent Updates

### February 13, 2026
- Added "Type of paper" field (Empirical/Theoretical/Empirical and theoretical)
- Changed "Discipline" to "(Sub-)discipline" with expanded options
- Added "N/A" option to Data Collected field
- Added "Outline" option to Status field
- Renamed "Seeking" to "Help needed"
- Fixed column mapping to match Google Sheet structure (Type of paper at position 13)

## Deployment

GitHub Pages auto-deploys on push. To manually trigger:

```bash
gh api repos/lobsterbush/project-dashboard/pages/builds -X POST
```

---

**Co-Authored-By**: Warp <agent@warp.dev>

Commit message:

Add 'Seeking collaborators from' field
- New multi-select field: Anyone, Senior staff, HDRs, Early career staff
- Column 14 in Google Sheet (appended by Forms)
- Purple tags on project cards
- New 'Seeking from' filter dropdown
- Updated documentation

Co-Authored-By: Warp <agent@warp.dev>

WARP.md, after:

# Research Backlog

**URL**: https://researchbacklog.org  
**Repo**: https://github.com/lobsterbush/project-dashboard  
**Created**: February 11, 2026  
**Last Updated**: February 13, 2026  
**Password**: `erdosrules`

## Overview

A filterable dashboard for sharing dormant research ideas and fallow datasets with potential collaborators. Built for Monash University Political Science and International Relations staff.

## Architecture

```
Google Form → Google Sheets → GitHub Pages (fetches CSV on load)
```

- **Form**: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe8guiY6444i5NTC86ROLXzd5kWNUZmhLqUrWWXFvfQzpw1sw/viewform
- **Sheet ID**: `1wC57FDGLijnPiXQ6NIpGmiVWicnuOT1HwMBlnh-W_PY`
- **Domain**: researchbacklog.org (Namecheap → GitHub Pages)

## Managing Projects

### Add a project
1. Submit via Google Form, OR
2. Add row directly to Google Sheet

### Edit/delete a project
1. Open Google Sheet
2. Edit or delete the row
3. Changes appear on next page load (no deploy needed)

### Sheet columns (in order)
1. Timestamp
2. Project name
3. Description
4. Keywords (comma-separated)
5. (Sub-)discipline (Political Science/International Relations/Political theory/Methodology/Sociology/Economics/Other)
6. Methodological Approach
7. Data Collected (Yes/No/Partial/N/A)
8. Status (Idea only/Data collected/Partial draft/Outline/Stalled)
9. Help needed (Writing help/Methods expertise/Funding/Data/Area expertise/Theory development)
10. Target journals
11. Project link
12. Contact email
13. Type of paper (Empirical/Theoretical/Empirical and theoretical)
14. Seeking collaborators from (Anyone/Senior staff/HDRs/Early career staff)

**Note**: Google Forms adds new questions to existing linked sheets at the end, regardless of where they appear in the form.

## Files

```
project-dashboard/
├── index.html                      # Main page with password overlay
├── CNAME                           # Custom domain (researchbacklog.org)
├── WARP.md                         # This file - project documentation
├── FORM_UPDATE_INSTRUCTIONS.md    # Guide for updating Google Form
├── README.md                       # Setup instructions
├── css/
│   └── style.css                   # Styling (charlescrabtree.org inspired)
├── js/
│   ├── app.js                      # Data fetching, filtering, rendering
│   └── auth.js                     # Client-side password protection
└── data/
    └── seed_projects.csv           # Backup/reference data
```

## Configuration

Edit `js/app.js` CONFIG object:

```javascript
const CONFIG = {
    SHEET_ID: '1wC57FDGLijnPiXQ6NIpGmiVWicnuOT1HwMBlnh-W_PY',
    SHEET_NAME: 'Form Responses 1',
    FORM_URL: 'https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/.../viewform',
    USE_DEMO_DATA: false,  // Set true to use local CSV instead
    DEMO_DATA_URL: 'data/seed_projects.csv'
};
```

## Password Protection

Client-side only (not secure, just a barrier). Password hash stored in `js/auth.js`. To change password:

1. Run in browser console: `simpleHash('newpassword')`
2. Update `PASS_HASH` in `js/auth.js`
3. Commit and push

## DNS (Namecheap)

A records pointing to GitHub Pages:
- 185.199.108.153
- 185.199.109.153
- 185.199.110.153
- 185.199.111.153

CNAME: www → lobsterbush.github.io

## Current Projects (13)

1. Green Book and Contemporary Police Violence
2. Chicago Police Complaints (FOIA)
3. SPLC Hate Groups and Confederate Monuments
4. HRO Communications Dataset (1996-2019)
5. Japanese Public Opinion on US-Japan Security
6. UN Human Rights Documents Analysis
7. Public Demand for Human Rights
8. Belarus 2017 Protests
9. Self-Censorship Under Autocracy (Belarus journalists)
10. Formal vs. Informal Repression (Belarus/Ukraine)
11. European Protest Event Data (Francisco dataset)
12. Dynamics of Contentious Politics (ML on Francisco data)

## Recent Updates

### February 15, 2026
- Added "Seeking collaborators from" field (Anyone/Senior staff/HDRs/Early career staff)
- Multi-select checkboxes, displayed as purple tags on project cards
- New filter dropdown for collaborator audience

### February 13, 2026
- Added "Type of paper" field (Empirical/Theoretical/Empirical and theoretical)
- Changed "Discipline" to "(Sub-)discipline" with expanded options
- Added "N/A" option to Data Collected field
- Added "Outline" option to Status field
- Renamed "Seeking" to "Help needed"
- Fixed column mapping to match Google Sheet structure (Type of paper at position 13)

## Deployment

GitHub Pages auto-deploys on push. To manually trigger:

```bash
gh api repos/lobsterbush/project-dashboard/pages/builds -X POST
```

---

**Co-Authored-By**: Warp <agent@warp.dev>
